Ahoy, Welcome to Interested in Instruments! Started with humble beginnings in 2019 by Rob
Brazell in the garage, it now has evolved into a lil family run business spearheaded by his
nephew Cory Tomlinson. Robby’s Guitars started in 2019 as a side-project of our founder, Robby
Brazell. He began by simply purchasing old, not-the-best-condition guitars anywhere he could
find, and would give them a proper set up, as well as a custom paint job or reshaping, and finally
lots of love. Now following his footsteps and taking any advice we will gladly set up and take
any old, or neglected instrument and make it as good as new, and in some instances even better.
If you have an instrument or anything that needs some love, or have a dream guitar or
instrument, please reach out!
What started as an experiment on Facebook Marketplace turned into an entire new side of our hobby,
which is making broken instruments play again. To us, there’s nothing better than learning about the
history of the instrument, the person who played it, the technique of how it was made through the
years, all of it and more can be discovered when servicing the instrument. From sitars, to violins, to
even Omnichords, we’ve fixed them and we would love to turn something that would otherwise be
garbage and make it beautiful again! If you have a broken instrument just message us! We’re
interested in instruments!
The latest part of our expedition as Robby’s Guitars is creating instruments from the bottom up. We
started simply by creating guitars from the kits, such as the fretless 6 string bass, and the double-neck
Tele, but we also have made both left and right handed guitars from scratch, both microtonal and
regular fretboards from scratch, and even homemade Whamolas! If you need a custom guitar (both
left or right handed) or if you wanna to know what the hell a Whamola is, and if you need anything
else in between, just send us a message! Feel free to give us a follow for more building updates and
all of our awesome instrument progress!
